before you put the pot of meat
in the oven it is better to bring the liquid to
weak boil on the stove so we quickly
heat the dish before she gets to
oven heated to 95 degrees
as soon as the liquid becomes
pod cover the pan tightly
closing lid
so we will avoid evaporation during
long cooking place the pot
with meat in the oven
during the preparation of meat you need
turn the piece several times
cooked in broth from all sides
to put out a big piece of meat
required 2 to 8 hours
the thing is, it's cooking time
stew depends on the size of the piece
cooking temperature and desired
consistency remember the slower
the meat is cooked the more tender it will be
so take more time to
get soft meat
Of course this cooking method
requires patience meat is considered ready
then when it is easily punctured
a fork
If you wish to make a dish for dinner that
in advance put the meat stewed
to find out if this big piece is ready
take two forks and try
split the fibers in this case
meat is not ready because its hard
to split
and this is better in spite of the fact that
dividing the fiber is still not easy
if you are going to add vegetables to
meat is the right time to
principle you need to add vegetables when
meat is almost ready vegetables will be cooked for
40 60 minutes
add large pieces of carrot parsnip
and potatoes
if you add vegetables to the ready
meat do not worry meat is worse
if you put it out a little more along with
vegetables
if the vegetables are ready and the meat is easy
pierced with a fork then you can run
sauce and serve immediately
nevertheless strongly recommend
you cool the dish cover and
put in the fridge at night
then the taste and components are imbued with each
as a friend and a lot more chilled meat
easier to cut